com/example/orgsocial/adapters/ParticipantsAdapter.java
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.ParticipantsAdapter
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.ParticipantsAdapter$1
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.ParticipantsAdapter$2
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.ParticipantsAdapter$Holder
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/ActivityAddParticipantsBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.ActivityAddParticipantsBinding
com/example/orgsocial/MainActivity.java
 com.example.orgsocial.MainActivity
 com.example.orgsocial.MainActivity$1
 com.example.orgsocial.MainActivity$2
 com.example.orgsocial.MainActivity$2$1
 com.example.orgsocial.MainActivity$2$2
 com.example.orgsocial.MainActivity$3
 com.example.orgsocial.MainActivity$Welcome
 com.example.orgsocial.MainActivity$Welcome$1
com/example/orgsocial/userInfo.java
 com.example.orgsocial.userInfo
 com.example.orgsocial.userInfo$1
 com.example.orgsocial.userInfo$2
 com.example.orgsocial.userInfo$3
 com.example.orgsocial.userInfo$4
 com.example.orgsocial.userInfo$5
 com.example.orgsocial.userInfo$6
 com.example.orgsocial.userInfo$7
 com.example.orgsocial.userInfo$8
 com.example.orgsocial.userInfo$8$1
 com.example.orgsocial.userInfo$8$2
 com.example.orgsocial.userInfo$8$2$1
 com.example.orgsocial.userInfo$8$2$2
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/FragmentChatsBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.FragmentChatsBinding
com/example/orgsocial/models/Chats.java
 com.example.orgsocial.models.Chats
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/ActivityEditGroupSubjectBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.ActivityEditGroupSubjectBinding
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/ParticipantsRecyclerItemview1Binding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.ParticipantsRecyclerItemview1Binding
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/ChatItemAnnouncementBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.ChatItemAnnouncementBinding
com/example/orgsocial/utils/Commons.java
 com.example.orgsocial.utils.Commons
com/example/orgsocial/ActivityGroupList.java
 com.example.orgsocial.ActivityGroupList
 com.example.orgsocial.ActivityGroupList$1
 com.example.orgsocial.ActivityGroupList$2
 com.example.orgsocial.ActivityGroupList$3
 com.example.orgsocial.ActivityGroupList$4
 com.example.orgsocial.ActivityGroupList$5
com/example/orgsocial/adapters/ContactsAdapter.java
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.ContactsAdapter
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.ContactsAdapter$1
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.ContactsAdapter$2
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.ContactsAdapter$Holder
com/example/orgsocial/models/Common.java
 com.example.orgsocial.models.Common
com/example/orgsocial/EditGroupAdmins.java
 com.example.orgsocial.EditGroupAdmins
 com.example.orgsocial.EditGroupAdmins$1
 com.example.orgsocial.EditGroupAdmins$2
 com.example.orgsocial.EditGroupAdmins$3
 com.example.orgsocial.EditGroupAdmins$4
com/example/orgsocial/StatusFragment.java
 com.example.orgsocial.StatusFragment
com/example/orgsocial/adapters/AdminAddedAdapter.java
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.AdminAddedAdapter
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.AdminAddedAdapter$1
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.AdminAddedAdapter$2
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.AdminAddedAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/FragmentCallsBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.FragmentCallsBinding
com/example/orgsocial/adapters/callListAdapter.java
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.callListAdapter
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.callListAdapter$Holder
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/ActivityGroupListBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.ActivityGroupListBinding
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/ActivityProfileBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.ActivityProfileBinding
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/FragmentGroupsBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.FragmentGroupsBinding
com/example/orgsocial/adapters/SectionPagerAdapter.java
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.SectionPagerAdapter
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/ActivityParticipantsGroupsBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.ActivityParticipantsGroupsBinding
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/ParticipantsListItemBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.ParticipantsListItemBinding
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/FragmentLoginBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.FragmentLoginBinding
com/example/orgsocial/ChatsFragment.java
 com.example.orgsocial.ChatsFragment
 com.example.orgsocial.ChatsFragment$1
 com.example.orgsocial.ChatsFragment$1$1
 com.example.orgsocial.ChatsFragment$2
 com.example.orgsocial.ChatsFragment$3
 com.example.orgsocial.ChatsFragment$4
 com.example.orgsocial.ChatsFragment$5
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/BottomSheetEditNameBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.BottomSheetEditNameBinding
com/example/orgsocial/adapters/GroupParticipantsAdapter.java
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.GroupParticipantsAdapter
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.GroupParticipantsAdapter$1
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.GroupParticipantsAdapter$Holder
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/ActivityStartContainerBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.ActivityStartContainerBinding
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/ActivitySettingsBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.ActivitySettingsBinding
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/FragmentSignupBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.FragmentSignupBinding
com/example/orgsocial/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.orgsocial.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/orgsocial/groupSubjectActivity.java
 com.example.orgsocial.groupSubjectActivity
 com.example.orgsocial.groupSubjectActivity$1
 com.example.orgsocial.groupSubjectActivity$10
 com.example.orgsocial.groupSubjectActivity$10$1
 com.example.orgsocial.groupSubjectActivity$10$2
 com.example.orgsocial.groupSubjectActivity$10$2$1
 com.example.orgsocial.groupSubjectActivity$10$2$2
 com.example.orgsocial.groupSubjectActivity$10$2$3
 com.example.orgsocial.groupSubjectActivity$10$2$4
 com.example.orgsocial.groupSubjectActivity$10$2$4$1
 com.example.orgsocial.groupSubjectActivity$10$2$4$2
 com.example.orgsocial.groupSubjectActivity$10$2$5
 com.example.orgsocial.groupSubjectActivity$10$2$6
 com.example.orgsocial.groupSubjectActivity$10$2$6$1
 com.example.orgsocial.groupSubjectActivity$10$2$6$2
 com.example.orgsocial.groupSubjectActivity$2
 com.example.orgsocial.groupSubjectActivity$3
 com.example.orgsocial.groupSubjectActivity$4
 com.example.orgsocial.groupSubjectActivity$5
 com.example.orgsocial.groupSubjectActivity$6
 com.example.orgsocial.groupSubjectActivity$7
 com.example.orgsocial.groupSubjectActivity$8
 com.example.orgsocial.groupSubjectActivity$9
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/BottomSheetEditAboutBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.BottomSheetEditAboutBinding
com/example/orgsocial/EditGroupSubject.java
 com.example.orgsocial.EditGroupSubject
 com.example.orgsocial.EditGroupSubject$1
 com.example.orgsocial.EditGroupSubject$2
 com.example.orgsocial.EditGroupSubject$3
 com.example.orgsocial.EditGroupSubject$4
 com.example.orgsocial.EditGroupSubject$5
com/example/orgsocial/utils/groupParticipantsClickListener.java
 com.example.orgsocial.utils.groupParticipantsClickListener
com/example/orgsocial/ContactsActivity.java
 com.example.orgsocial.ContactsActivity
 com.example.orgsocial.ContactsActivity$1
 com.example.orgsocial.ContactsActivity$2
 com.example.orgsocial.ContactsActivity$3
com/example/orgsocial/adapters/AdminAdapter.java
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.AdminAdapter
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.AdminAdapter$1
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.AdminAdapter$2
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.AdminAdapter$Holder
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/ParticipantsGridItemViewBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.ParticipantsGridItemViewBinding
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/ActivityEditGroupAdminsBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.ActivityEditGroupAdminsBinding
com/example/orgsocial/adapters/GroupsAdapter.java
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.GroupsAdapter
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.GroupsAdapter$1
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.GroupsAdapter$2
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.GroupsAdapter$Holder
com/example/orgsocial/ParticipantsActivity.java
 com.example.orgsocial.ParticipantsActivity
 com.example.orgsocial.ParticipantsActivity$1
 com.example.orgsocial.ParticipantsActivity$2
 com.example.orgsocial.ParticipantsActivity$3
 com.example.orgsocial.ParticipantsActivity$4
 com.example.orgsocial.ParticipantsActivity$5
com/example/orgsocial/settings/AccountSettings.java
 com.example.orgsocial.settings.AccountSettings
 com.example.orgsocial.settings.AccountSettings$1
 com.example.orgsocial.settings.AccountSettings$2
 com.example.orgsocial.settings.AccountSettings$3
 com.example.orgsocial.settings.AccountSettings$4
 com.example.orgsocial.settings.AccountSettings$5
 com.example.orgsocial.settings.AccountSettings$6
com/example/orgsocial/ChatsActivity.java
 com.example.orgsocial.ChatsActivity
 com.example.orgsocial.ChatsActivity$1
 com.example.orgsocial.ChatsActivity$10
 com.example.orgsocial.ChatsActivity$11
 com.example.orgsocial.ChatsActivity$12
 com.example.orgsocial.ChatsActivity$12$1
 com.example.orgsocial.ChatsActivity$12$2
 com.example.orgsocial.ChatsActivity$2
 com.example.orgsocial.ChatsActivity$3
 com.example.orgsocial.ChatsActivity$4
 com.example.orgsocial.ChatsActivity$5
 com.example.orgsocial.ChatsActivity$5$1
 com.example.orgsocial.ChatsActivity$5$2
 com.example.orgsocial.ChatsActivity$6
 com.example.orgsocial.ChatsActivity$7
 com.example.orgsocial.ChatsActivity$8
 com.example.orgsocial.ChatsActivity$9
com/example/orgsocial/ViewImageActivity.java
 com.example.orgsocial.ViewImageActivity
 com.example.orgsocial.ViewImageActivity$1
 com.example.orgsocial.ViewImageActivity$2
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/ActivitySplashscreenBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.ActivitySplashscreenBinding
com/example/orgsocial/adapters/chatListAdapter.java
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.chatListAdapter
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.chatListAdapter$1
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.chatListAdapter$2
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.chatListAdapter$3
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.chatListAdapter$4
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.chatListAdapter$Holder
com/example/orgsocial/CallsFragment.java
 com.example.orgsocial.CallsFragment
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/ActivityContactsBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.ActivityContactsBinding
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/ChatListItemBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.ChatListItemBinding
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/FragmentUserInfoBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.FragmentUserInfoBinding
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/ParticipantsGridItemView1Binding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.ParticipantsGridItemView1Binding
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/ContactListItemBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.ContactListItemBinding
com/example/orgsocial/adapters/participantsAddedAdapter.java
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.participantsAddedAdapter
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.participantsAddedAdapter$1
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.participantsAddedAdapter$2
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.participantsAddedAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/ActivityAccountSettingsBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.ActivityAccountSettingsBinding
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/ActivityChatProfileBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.ActivityChatProfileBinding
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/ActivityGroupDescriptionBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.ActivityGroupDescriptionBinding
com/example/orgsocial/GroupSettings.java
 com.example.orgsocial.GroupSettings
 com.example.orgsocial.GroupSettings$1
 com.example.orgsocial.GroupSettings$2
com/example/orgsocial/settings/SettingsActivity.java
 com.example.orgsocial.settings.SettingsActivity
 com.example.orgsocial.settings.SettingsActivity$1
 com.example.orgsocial.settings.SettingsActivity$2
 com.example.orgsocial.settings.SettingsActivity$3
 com.example.orgsocial.settings.SettingsActivity$4
 com.example.orgsocial.settings.SettingsActivity$4$1
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/FragmentStatusBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.FragmentStatusBinding
com/example/orgsocial/GroupChatActivity.java
 com.example.orgsocial.GroupChatActivity
 com.example.orgsocial.GroupChatActivity$1
 com.example.orgsocial.GroupChatActivity$10
 com.example.orgsocial.GroupChatActivity$2
 com.example.orgsocial.GroupChatActivity$3
 com.example.orgsocial.GroupChatActivity$3$1
 com.example.orgsocial.GroupChatActivity$3$2
 com.example.orgsocial.GroupChatActivity$4
 com.example.orgsocial.GroupChatActivity$5
 com.example.orgsocial.GroupChatActivity$6
 com.example.orgsocial.GroupChatActivity$7
 com.example.orgsocial.GroupChatActivity$8
 com.example.orgsocial.GroupChatActivity$9
com/example/orgsocial/Groups.java
 com.example.orgsocial.Groups
 com.example.orgsocial.Groups$1
 com.example.orgsocial.Groups$1$1
 com.example.orgsocial.Groups$2
 com.example.orgsocial.Groups$3
 com.example.orgsocial.Groups$4
 com.example.orgsocial.Groups$5
 com.example.orgsocial.Groups$6
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/BottomSheetPickerBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.BottomSheetPickerBinding
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/FragmentEventsBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.FragmentEventsBinding
com/example/orgsocial/adapters/participantsGridLayoutAdapter.java
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.participantsGridLayoutAdapter
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.participantsGridLayoutAdapter$1
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.participantsGridLayoutAdapter$Holder
com/example/orgsocial/models/GroupUser.java
 com.example.orgsocial.models.GroupUser
com/example/orgsocial/GroupProfileActivity.java
 com.example.orgsocial.GroupProfileActivity
 com.example.orgsocial.GroupProfileActivity$1
 com.example.orgsocial.GroupProfileActivity$2
 com.example.orgsocial.GroupProfileActivity$3
 com.example.orgsocial.GroupProfileActivity$4
 com.example.orgsocial.GroupProfileActivity$5
 com.example.orgsocial.GroupProfileActivity$6
 com.example.orgsocial.GroupProfileActivity$6$1
 com.example.orgsocial.GroupProfileActivity$7
 com.example.orgsocial.GroupProfileActivity$8
 com.example.orgsocial.GroupProfileActivity$9
 com.example.orgsocial.GroupProfileActivity$9$1
 com.example.orgsocial.GroupProfileActivity$9$2
com/example/orgsocial/GroupDescription.java
 com.example.orgsocial.GroupDescription
 com.example.orgsocial.GroupDescription$1
 com.example.orgsocial.GroupDescription$2
 com.example.orgsocial.GroupDescription$3
 com.example.orgsocial.GroupDescription$4
 com.example.orgsocial.GroupDescription$5
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/BottomSheetEditPhoneBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.BottomSheetEditPhoneBinding
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/ActivityGroupSettingsBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.ActivityGroupSettingsBinding
com/example/orgsocial/models/CallList.java
 com.example.orgsocial.models.CallList
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/ActivityGroupSubjectBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.ActivityGroupSubjectBinding
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/FragmentWelcomeBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.FragmentWelcomeBinding
com/example/orgsocial/ChatProfileActivity.java
 com.example.orgsocial.ChatProfileActivity
 com.example.orgsocial.ChatProfileActivity$1
 com.example.orgsocial.ChatProfileActivity$2
 com.example.orgsocial.ChatProfileActivity$3
 com.example.orgsocial.ChatProfileActivity$4
 com.example.orgsocial.ChatProfileActivity$4$1
 com.example.orgsocial.ChatProfileActivity$4$2
com/example/orgsocial/authentication/Signup.java
 com.example.orgsocial.authentication.Signup
 com.example.orgsocial.authentication.Signup$1
 com.example.orgsocial.authentication.Signup$2
 com.example.orgsocial.authentication.Signup$3
 com.example.orgsocial.authentication.Signup$4
 com.example.orgsocial.authentication.Signup$5
 com.example.orgsocial.authentication.Signup$6
 com.example.orgsocial.authentication.Signup$6$1
 com.example.orgsocial.authentication.Signup$6$2
 com.example.orgsocial.authentication.Signup$6$2$1
 com.example.orgsocial.authentication.Signup$6$2$1$1
com/example/orgsocial/models/ChatList.java
 com.example.orgsocial.models.ChatList
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/ParticipantsRecyclerItemviewBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.ParticipantsRecyclerItemviewBinding
com/example/orgsocial/adapters/ChatsAdapter.java
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.ChatsAdapter
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.ChatsAdapter$Holder
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/ContactListItem1Binding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.ContactListItem1Binding
com/example/orgsocial/ProfileActivity.java
 com.example.orgsocial.ProfileActivity
 com.example.orgsocial.ProfileActivity$1
 com.example.orgsocial.ProfileActivity$10
 com.example.orgsocial.ProfileActivity$11
 com.example.orgsocial.ProfileActivity$12
 com.example.orgsocial.ProfileActivity$13
 com.example.orgsocial.ProfileActivity$14
 com.example.orgsocial.ProfileActivity$15
 com.example.orgsocial.ProfileActivity$16
 com.example.orgsocial.ProfileActivity$17
 com.example.orgsocial.ProfileActivity$18
 com.example.orgsocial.ProfileActivity$19
 com.example.orgsocial.ProfileActivity$2
 com.example.orgsocial.ProfileActivity$20
 com.example.orgsocial.ProfileActivity$21
 com.example.orgsocial.ProfileActivity$21$1
 com.example.orgsocial.ProfileActivity$21$2
 com.example.orgsocial.ProfileActivity$22
 com.example.orgsocial.ProfileActivity$23
 com.example.orgsocial.ProfileActivity$23$1
 com.example.orgsocial.ProfileActivity$3
 com.example.orgsocial.ProfileActivity$4
 com.example.orgsocial.ProfileActivity$5
 com.example.orgsocial.ProfileActivity$6
 com.example.orgsocial.ProfileActivity$7
 com.example.orgsocial.ProfileActivity$8
 com.example.orgsocial.ProfileActivity$9
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/ContactListItem2Binding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.ContactListItem2Binding
com/example/orgsocial/models/Group.java
 com.example.orgsocial.models.Group
com/example/orgsocial/models/User.java
 com.example.orgsocial.models.User
com/example/orgsocial/StartActivity.java
 com.example.orgsocial.StartActivity
 com.example.orgsocial.StartActivity$1
com/example/orgsocial/authentication/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.orgsocial.authentication.LoginActivity
com/example/orgsocial/Events.java
 com.example.orgsocial.Events
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/FragmentEmailVerificatonBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.FragmentEmailVerificatonBinding
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/AuthContainerBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.AuthContainerBinding
com/example/orgsocial/addParticipants.java
 com.example.orgsocial.addParticipants
 com.example.orgsocial.addParticipants$1
 com.example.orgsocial.addParticipants$2
 com.example.orgsocial.addParticipants$3
 com.example.orgsocial.addParticipants$4
 com.example.orgsocial.addParticipants$5
 com.example.orgsocial.addParticipants$5$1
 com.example.orgsocial.addParticipants$6
 com.example.orgsocial.addParticipants$7
 com.example.orgsocial.addParticipants$8
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/CallListItemBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.CallListItemBinding
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/ActivityGroupProfileBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.ActivityGroupProfileBinding
com/example/orgsocial/DialogActivity.java
 com.example.orgsocial.DialogActivity
 com.example.orgsocial.DialogActivity$1
 com.example.orgsocial.DialogActivity$2
 com.example.orgsocial.DialogActivity$3
 com.example.orgsocial.DialogActivity$4
 com.example.orgsocial.DialogActivity$5
 com.example.orgsocial.DialogActivity$5$1
com/example/orgsocial/splashScreen.java
 com.example.orgsocial.splashScreen
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/ActivityGroupChatBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.ActivityGroupChatBinding
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/GroupListItemBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.GroupListItemBinding
com/example/orgsocial/authentication/EmailVerificaton.java
 com.example.orgsocial.authentication.EmailVerificaton
 com.example.orgsocial.authentication.EmailVerificaton$1
 com.example.orgsocial.authentication.EmailVerificaton$1$1
 com.example.orgsocial.authentication.EmailVerificaton$1$1$1
com/example/orgsocial/authentication/Login.java
 com.example.orgsocial.authentication.Login
 com.example.orgsocial.authentication.Login$1
 com.example.orgsocial.authentication.Login$2
 com.example.orgsocial.authentication.Login$3
 com.example.orgsocial.authentication.Login$4
 com.example.orgsocial.authentication.Login$5
 com.example.orgsocial.authentication.Login$6
 com.example.orgsocial.authentication.Login$6$1
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/ChatListDialogBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.ChatListDialogBinding
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/ActivityViewImageBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.ActivityViewImageBinding
com/example/orgsocial/adapters/groupChatListAdapter.java
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.groupChatListAdapter
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.groupChatListAdapter$1
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.groupChatListAdapter$2
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.groupChatListAdapter$3
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.groupChatListAdapter$4
 com.example.orgsocial.adapters.groupChatListAdapter$Holder
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/ChatItemRightBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.ChatItemRightBinding
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/ActivityDialogBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.ActivityDialogBinding
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/ChatItemLeftBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.ChatItemLeftBinding
com/example/orgsocial/databinding/ActivityChatsBinding.java
 com.example.orgsocial.databinding.ActivityChatsBinding
com/example/orgsocial/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.orgsocial.BuildConfig
